Add docs on using pyjelly with byte buffers and Kafka (#276)
Jelly-RDF/pyjelly: docs/generic-sink.md

{{ code_example('generic/05_serialize_flat.py')}}

Data is transmitted and kept ordered and simple.

### Working with byte buffers and Kafka

When working with Kafka or other message brokers, you may want to write Jelly data to a byte buffer instead of a file. You can do this by using the `BytesIO` class from the `io` module:

{{ code_example('generic/08_byte_buffer.py')}}

> The `data` variable is of type `bytes`, and can be passed to Kafka with [`KafkaProducer.send(value=data)`](https://kafka-python.readthedocs.io/en/master/), or any other API that accepts byte buffers. Same trick can be used when using the [RDFLib integration](getting-started.md).

Reviewer: ```suggestion
The `data` variable is of type `bytes`, and can be passed to Kafka with [`KafkaProducer.send(value=data)`](https://kafka-python.readthedocs.io/en/master/), or any other API that accepts byte buffers. Same trick may be used when working with the [RDFLib integration](getting-started.md).
```
